0', 'The Fool', 'O', 'Ignorance', 'A Worldly Person', 'A young man in gorgeous vestments pauses at the brink of a precipice among the great heights of the world.  His countenance is full of intelligence and expectant dream. He has a rose in one hand and in the other a costly wand', 'Folly, mania, extravagance, intoxication, delirium, frenzy, bewrayment.', 'Reversed: Negligence, absence, distribution, carelessness, apathy, nullity, vanity.
1', 'The Magician', 'I', 'Divinity', 'An Awakened One', 'A youthful figure in the robe of a magician, having the countenance of divine Apollo, with smile of confidence and shining eyes. Above his head is the mysterious sign of the Holy Spirit, the sign of life, like an endless cord', 'Skill, diplomacy, address, sickness, pain, loss, disaster, self-confidence, will, the Querent himself (if male).', 'Reversed: Physician, Magus, mental illness, disgrace, disquiet.
2', 'The High Priestess', 'II', 'Universal Law', 'Heavenly Mother', 'She has the lunar crescent at her feet, a horned diadem on her head, with a globe in the middle place, and a large solar cross on her breast. The scroll in her hands is inscribed with the word Tora, signifying the Greater Law, the Secret Law and the second sense of the Word.', 'Secrets, mystery, the future as yet unrevealed, the woman who interests the Querent (if male); the Querent (if female) silence, tenacity; wisdom, science.', 'Reversed: Passion, moral or physical ardor, conceit, surface knowledge.
3', 'The Empress', 'III', 'Gaia', 'Mother Earth', 'A stately figure, seated, having rich vestments and royal aspect, as of a daughter of heaven and earth. Her diadem is of twelve stars, gathered in a cluster. The symbol of Venus is on the shield which rests near her. The sceptre which she bears is surmounted by the globe of this world.', 'Fruitfulness, initiative, action, long days, clandestine, the unknown, difficulty, doubt, ignorance.', 'Reversed: Light, truth, the unraveling of involved matters, public rejoice, also, according to another reading vacillation.
4', 'The Emperor', 'IV', 'Worldly Power', 'Elected Official', 'He has a form of an Ankh for his sceptre and a globe in his left hand. He is a crowned monarch, commanding, stately, seated on a throne, the arms of which are ram heads. He is executive and realization, the power of this world.', 'Stability, power, aid, protection, a great person, conviction, reason.', 'Reversed: Benevolence, compassion, credit, also confusion to enemies, obstruction, immaturity.
5', 'The Hierophant', 'V', 'Esoteric', 'Spiritual Leader', 'He wears the triple crown and is seated between two pillars, but not those of the Temple guarded by the High Priestess. His left hand holds a sceptre terminating in the triple cross, and with his right hand he gives the well known sign of esotericism, distinguishing between the manifest and concealed doctrine. ', 'Marriage alliance, captivity, servitude, mercy and goodness, inspiration, the man to whom the Querent has recourse.', 'Reversed: Society, good understanding, concord, over-kindness, weakness.
6', 'The Lovers', 'VI', 'Creation', 'Married Couple', 'The sun shines and beneath is a great winged figure with arms extended. A nude male and female, unveiled before each other, like Adam and Eve in the paradise of Eden. Behind the man is the Tree of Life, bearing twelve fruits, and the Tree of the Knowledge of Good and Evil is behind the woman; the serpent is twining round it.', 'Attraction, love, beauty, trials overcome.', 'Reversed: Failure, foolish designs.
7', 'The Chariot', 'VII', 'Enlightenment', 'A Hero', 'An erect and princely figure carrying a drawn sword. Two sphinxes draw his chariot. He is above all things, triumphant in the mind.', 'Succor, providence, also war, triumph, presumption, vengeance, trouble.', 'Reversed: Riot, quarrel, dispute, litigation, defeat.
8', 'Strength', 'VIII', 'Compassion', 'Virtuous Person', 'A woman, over whose head there broods the same symbol of life which we have seen in the card of the Magician, is closing the jaws of a lion. There is one aspect in which the lion signifies the passions, and she who is called Strength is the higher nature in its liberation.', 'Power, energy, action, courage, magnanimity.', 'Reversed: Abuse of power, despotism, weakness, discord.
9', 'The Hermit', 'IX', 'Light', 'Light Bearer', 'The Light of the World shines as a star in the lantern. His beacon intimates that where I am, you also may be. Divine Mysteries secure their own protection from those who are unprepared.', 'Prudence, also and especially treason, dissimulation, corruption, roguery.', 'Reversed: Concealment, disguise, policy, fear, unreasoned caution.
10', 'Wheel of Fortune', 'X', 'Change', 'Living Creatures', 'The four Creatures of Ezekiel occupy the angles of the card, and the wheel follows other indications of Levi in respect of Ezekiels vision, as illustrative of the Tarot Key.', 'Destiny, fortune, success, luck, felicity.', 'Reversed: Increase, abundance, superfluity
11', 'Justice', 'XI', 'Justice', 'Judge', ' The figure is seated between pillars and indicates that the moral principle which deals unto every man according to his works. The pillars of Justice open into one world, and the pillars of the High Priestess into another.', 'Equity, rightness, probity, executive.', 'Reversed: Law in all departments, bigotry, bias, excessive severity
12', 'The Hanged Man', 'XII', 'Sacrifice', 'A Dedicated Person', 'The tree from which he is suspended forms a Tau cross, while the position of the legs forms a fylfot cross. There is a nimbus about the head of the seeming martyr or enlightened one.', 'Wisdom, trials, circumspection, discernment, sacrifice, intuition, divination, prophecy.', 'Reversed: Selfishness, the crowd, body politic.
13', 'Death', 'XIII', 'Transition', 'Deceased Person', 'The mysterious horseman moves slowly, bearing a black banner emblazoned with the Mystic Rose, which signifies life. Between two pillars on the verge of the horizon there shines the sun of immortality. The horseman carries no visible weapon, but king and child and maiden fall before him', 'End, mortality, destruction, corruption.', 'Reversed: Inertia, sleep, lethargy, petrifaction, somnambulism.
14', 'Temperance', 'XIV', 'Abundance', 'Charitable Person', 'A winged angel, with the sign of the sun upon his forehead and on his breast the square and triangle of the septenary.  It is held to be pouring the essences of life from chalice to chalice.', 'Economy, moderation, frugality, management, accommodation.', 'Reversed: Things connected with churches, religions, sects, the priesthood, also unfortunate combinations, disunion, competing interests.
15', 'The Devil', 'XV', 'Evil', 'Servant', 'The Horned Goat of Mendes, with wings like those of a bat, is standing on an altar. At the pit of the stomach there is the sign of Mercury. The right hand is upraised and extended, being the reverse of that benediction which is given by the Hierophant in the fifth card. In the left hand there is a great flaming torch, inverted towards the earth. A reversed pentagram is on the forehead. There is a ring in front of the altar, from which two chains are carried to the necks of two figures, male and female. ', 'Ravage, violence, force, vehemence, extraordinary efforts, fatality, that which is predestined but not for this reason evil.', 'Reversed: Evil fatality, weakness, pettiness, blindness.
16', 'The Tower', 'XVI', 'Greed', 'Averice Person', 'It signifies the materialization of the spiritual word. One is concerned with the fall into the material and animal state, while the other signifies destruction on the intellectual side', 'Misery, distress, ruin, indigence, adversity, calamity, disgrace, deception.', 'Reversed: According to one account, the same in a lesser degree, also oppression, imprisonment, tyranny.
17', 'The Star', 'XVII', 'Life', 'A Mother', 'A great, radiant star of eight rays, surrounded by seven lesser stars--also of eight rays. The female figure in the foreground is entirely naked. Her left knee is on the land and her right foot upon the water. She pours Water of Life from two great ewers, irrigating sea and land. ', 'Loss, theft, privation, abandonment, although another reading suggests hope and bright prospects in the future.', 'Reversed: Arrogance, impotence, haughtiness.
18', 'The Moon', 'XVIII', 'Imagination', 'A Meditator', 'It is the universal vehicle that saves all wandering souls from the states of loss. The rising moon of the enlightened mind that sooths the sorrows born of the afflictions.', 'Hidden enemies, danger, calumny, darkness, terror, deception, error.', 'Reversed: Instability, inconstancy, silence, lesser degrees of deception and error.
19', 'The Sun', 'XIX', 'Innocence', 'A Child', 'The naked child mounted on a white horse and displaying a red standard. It is the mighty sun that utterly dispels the gloom and ignorance of wandering beings.', 'Material happiness, fortunate marriage, contentment.', 'Reversed: The same in a lesser sense.
20', 'Judgement', 'XX', 'Freedom', 'Liberated Person', 'The great angel is here encompassed by clouds, but he blows his bannered trumpet, and the cross as usual is displayed on the banner. The dead are rising from their tombs. A card of eternal life', 'Change of position, renewal, outcome. Eternal life.', 'Reversed: Weakness, pusillanimity, simplicity, also deliberation, decision, sentence.
21', 'The World', 'XXI', 'Wisdom', 'A Spiritual Master', 'It represents also the perfection and end of the Cosmos, the secret which is within it, the rapture of the universe when it understands itself in God. It is further the state of the soul in the consciousness of Divine Vision, reflected from the self-knowing spirit.', 'Assured success, route, voyage, emigration, flight, change of place.', 'Reversed: Inertia, fixity, stagnation, permanence.